Rework Ideas


Recycle - Exhaust/Purge a card and gain Scrap and Components
Scrap - Resource obtained from Recycling, used for Synthesis
Components - Extra Effects (Boosters), used for Synthesis

Synthesis (Campfire Option if Recycled cards are purged, else Combat Action) - Combine Scrap and Components to make new cards. Will need an entirely new screen most likely...
Assembly (Combat Action if Recycled cards are purged) - Combine Scrap and Components mid to make new card mid-combat. Resources used are returned at the end of combat.

Deck Control Ideas - Targeted Draw, Reorganize
Targeted Draw - Draw a card of the specified type, if possible, else draw normally.
Reorganize - Move cards of a certain type in the draw pile to the top

Retool - Convert card into Booster/Module

Reforge - Increase the base values of a card for that combat

Orb Ideas: Rework Orbs to be upgradeable and modular. Also, assemble them into their own mechanic to not interact with basegame orbs and focus?
Bit - Passive: When you play an attack, deal 2 damage to a random enemy / ALL enemies with Lock-On. +1 damage per level. Evoke: Double damage and 2 Lock-On to a random enemy
Present - Passive: At the start of your turn, gain 2 Components. +1 per level. Evoke: Gain all invested components
Searchlight - Passive: Deals 2 damage when you are attacked. +1 damage per level. Evoke: Gain 2 Spikes. +1 Spikes per level
Bomb - Passive: Increase this Orbs damage by ?. Automatically evoke in 2/3 turns. + ? damage per level. Evoke: Deal ? damage to ALL enemies and gain 1 Recoil? + ? damage per level.

Orb Adjustment:
Bit - Passive: When you play an attack, deal 2 damage to ALL enemies. +1 damage per level. Evoke: ?
Bomb - Passive: At the end of your turn, deal ? damage to ALL enemies with Lock-On. +? damage per level. Evoke: ?



Main mechanics:

Orbs converted to a new mechanic? (which can be upgraded and have modules put on them?)
Boosters (can be equipped to cards to add extra effects)
Boosters are draftable and more of them need to add new effects and not just stat boosting. When a booster is drawn, draw another card?
Modules can now be put on orbs?
Components can be obtained from multiple sources. Components are used to upgrade cards and orbs mid-combat

Overclocking:
Certain cards can Overclock other cards?
Render an icon on cards like boosters that you can click to overclock

Recharging Overhaul:
Use a cardmod?
Cycle between Loaded vs Reloading, can spend energy to reload right away. Dont carry between combat.


Archetypes:
Lock-On
Components
Boosters
Turtle (Thorns/Spikes, Reflection)
Heavy Assault (Recoil, Reloading, Multihits)
